No, you are really right. God will give me disaster.
God sends you money
The entire working capital is only 1.5 billion.
You said you can move most of your funds
Even if God comes
I won’t talk about you either.
Don’t you believe it yet?
God really won't give me any trouble
And you draw lots
At least give me Zed.
I think you died to a fraction of the time
All that's left is to be tough-mouthed, right?
Is it better to be a closed person or to be raised?
Wait until you go underground
I'll tell you the car number
You talk too much and talk too much
It's time
Do you still believe him?
There's not a word of testimony in this kid's mouth
If Mr. Shen doesn't help me, why should he help you?
A short appointment of ten days away
There are still a few hours
Is it time from one to eleven?
I see what are you talking about?
Before the eleventh short contract
I believe everyone sees the same thing
But it’s a maritime map
But now I say
This is Haizhongchang Zhufen
I have rented 90% of the 70 kilometers of sea area
Secondly, everyone turns on their mobile phones to look at you.
Ten minutes ago Seven Crosses in the Sea
Not like this